Top 20 news sites (of which 16 English) on http://www.alexa.com/topsites/category/Top/News/Newspapers on 24/08/2015 17:00 Amsterdam and their description:

1
Nytimes.com
Online edition of the newspaper's news and commentary. [Registration required]

2
Washingtonpost.com
Daily. Offers news, opinion, sports, arts and living and entertainment. Includes archives since 1977 and subscription information.

3
Timesofindia.indiatimes.com
Indian national daily, political,entertainment and business news.

4
Usatoday.com
National daily newspaper.

5
Economictimes.indiatimes.com
India's financial newspaper that provides analysis on industry and the economy.

6
Latimes.com
Online version of local daily paper. Contains links to world, nation, and local news as well as weather, entertainment, business, and other links.

7
Chron.com
Houston daily Newspaper.

8
Indianexpress.com
Leading news site of the daily national Indian newspaper, with live

9
Nypost.com
The online edition of the New York Post. News, weather, sports, and entertainment all updated daily.

10
Thehindu.com
English daily with news, views, sports and entertainment coverage.

11
Sfgate.com
Daily newspaper for the greater San Francisco area. Includes global news, regional information, classifieds, and entertainment.

12
Hindustantimes.com
Extensive news coverage on Indian politics, business and economy.

13
Smh.com.au
The online edition of Sydney's Sunday newspaper with magazine sections on entertainment, health, lifestyle, plus the weekends news and sports. Plus access to Winners Circle online competition.

!!! 14 !!! Not English
Navbharattimes.indiatimes.com
Hindi daily featuring local news and politics.

!!! 15 !!! Not English
Eenadu.net
Telugu daily featuring local news, politics, entertainment and sport.

16
Hollywoodreporter.com
Film, music, broadcast, and entertainment business news, including independents and international information.

17
Chicagotribune.com
Online edition of daily paper offering breaking news, weather, sports, web specials on current events, and Chicago area guides. Features members' area for subscribers.

!!! 18 !!! Not English
Manoramaonline.com
English and Malayalam language daily based in Kottayam. Local news and features.

19
Examiner.com
A breaking news and local information website. Covers cities, states and the nation, with localized channels for major cities in the United States.

!!! 20 !!! Not English
Amarujala.com
Hindi daily featuring news, politics, sports and entertainment.
